He who hesitates comes last.
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
Reality is for people who can't face science fiction.
Friction is a real drag.
Your program is sick!  Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn!
If it works, Don't fix it.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Klein bottle for rent - inquire within.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Money is the root of all wealth.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?  It's quite uncanny.
There's no future in time travel.
Reality does not exist - yet.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday
Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with your fist.
Never leave anything to chance;
If rabbits feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
If your feet smell and your nose runs - you're built upside down.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.
Never put off 'til tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
If God had intended man to have computers, he would have given him 16 fingers.
If we can't fix it - its broken!
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
The shortest distance between two points is usually under construction.
To be born rich is an accident; to die rich is a miracle.
Nothing makes a politician forget campaign promises faster than being elected.
Prosperity is when your conversation changes from car pools to swimming pools.
In a fight between you and the world, back the world.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
All the world's a stage and the people on it are poorly rehearsed.
A meeting is an event at which minutes are kept and hours are lost.
